hello today we will review
means e-book digma e625
that's what I want to say when you take
boxed and overturning immediately
striking picking
I mean the reader itself in the hut cable
manual in Russian
and warranty card unfortunately more
nothing in the box did not put here
accordingly, this is all the equipment
well now let's try to open and
let's see what we have inside
when we open see the whole
warranty card and that means leadership
user
here we go further means wire
websby here she charged accordingly
will be only from the computer unless of course
you will need to purchase more
additionally some kind of power supply
specific javad using from ipad but
Respectively from whom I raised either above
I use it some other charger
the device is actually the book itself
the book itself what do you want to say about yourself
books but overall it's pretty light
very well in the hand about it
Well done here and everything will be done well
such throats .
build quality is generally sufficient
good that's what we can here what
there is a connector, respectively, only
top means jack for headphones pada
beat means the power button and
shutdown
here it is specifically four gigabytes
memory for books, in principle, enough
4 gigabytes best options
consider here well let's try
turn on here we turn green
the button itself will now appear
the screensaver needs to wait a little
here it is by the way there is a flash card
extra micro sit here
it is still supported here
will insert an additional card
memory but built-in 4g white is quite
that's enough appoint herself appeared
the screen saver here is all made intuitively
very simply understandable and basically here
even a child can figure it out
button location is enough here
convenient that is , on the left and on the right you can
take for example if you are right handed i dig
will scroll right but if you
for example, you want to drink coffee
you take a cup of coffee in your right hand
y olives and also scroll on both sides
There is a button or a mill back and forth then
there is either hand can look through either
forward here from the top last book
which is
you read here specifically shown here
how many pages is read how much
percent if we click on the last
It will be our last book is
standard no booklet that was here
uploaded initially and here it is
I have already downloaded all the pages from which I am
finished reading here to come back
back the main menu you just need to click
one button home and we basically
go back right back here
scroll the page fast enough we
sometimes there is under braking ie here
I'm not going home now
Now we continue to try here sometimes
here it happens but it's okay
I believe that if it is so a little bit
slow down need to see what else
will be formats own not pumping
so far nothing so good
I can not as she will read pdf files
or another particular standard little book
here I press the home button coming out
main here still you have pictures
you can watch accordingly here already
two pictures are standard there are windows now
here we choose one of them here but
in principle, picture quality is sufficient
acceptable very good enough to me
I don't know about your own
actually there is still in
listening to music installation guide
we go if you go to the conductor here
internal memory and accordingly
There are types like on the computer we
we can see here what documents we have
how many are here specifically
initially one document is a book and
two pictures push the home button
installations
here is the date time fonts here is the interval for
off but from pripyat and can both
The settings are not complicated .
sort out this system update
disease
Well, in general, I want to say the display
a good enough money book
you should read enough of her
nice i like a very light background
I had kept the books in my hands before
which was such a grayish very background not
It was very nice to read but in general here
this book is good enough and again
I repeat I do not know how how what files
whether it will be well read
be pdf pdf files will be with brakes it
while it does not say anything but to
at that moment as we pulled her out
The boxes are very first impression
positively very light
Very well in the hand here, but in general
In general, I would advise to buy such
the book
very inexpensive budget
the best option and the principle is not necessary well
thanks to all